this is what Palestinians wake up to
virtually every morning these days in
the Janine refugee
camp more destroyed streets cars houses
dug up and pulverized by the Israeli
Army this is an armored bulldozer at
work ripping up a Palestinian
neighborhood and protected by what
Witnesses say with dozens of soldiers
hiding in the surrounding
streets a trail of Destruction and
seemingly gratuitous violence against a
civilian population which many
governments human rights groups and the
people who live here call Collective
punishment
alham always always Marty is fo but
without this level of Destruction we
never expected this everyone was so
scared shaking thanks God nothing
happened to my
family children sit amongst the rubble
where only an hour or so before Israeli
soldiers protected the bulldozers as
they
worked they destroy the sewage system
the water and electricity infrastructure
it affects our lives deeply everything
stops there's no Transportation no
schools are open the markets stop a
complete paralysis of Life they're
trying to hurt the people more than they
can
bear Israel says the raids Target
suspected members of Palestinian Andre
resistance groups not far away down a
back alley is the burnt out House of one
of the faction's
leaders he wasn't at home at the time so
escaped arrest or
death the morning after another Israeli
military raid on the refugee camp of
Janine you can see the level of
Destruction here hundreds of civilians
families live along this road it has
been completely destroyed and they tell
us that these Army raids on this area of
the city are increasing in intensity and
frequency all the
time we expect anything from the
occupation forces as they storm the camp
to sabotage and Destroy to release their
anger because they failed to achieve
their goals I have four children at home
who live a tragic
life Palestinian Fighters mingle among
the now daily funeral
processions Janine has long been a
Bastion for the armed struggle against
Israel's decades long occupation but
many in this city say they are being
punished for the actions of men who
believe they have a moral right to fight
Charles straford Al jazer Janine refugee
camp in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer